Rework code deploy documentation (#1474)
astronomer/docs: astro/deploy-code.md

astro deploy --dags
```

> ## What happens during a code deploy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Code deploy workflow
```

> The architecture for code deploys varies based on whether a Deployment has [DAG-only deploys](#deploy-dags-only) enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code deploy workflow varies based on whether a Deployment has [DAG-only deploys](#deploy-dags-only) enabled. 
```

### Deploy process before DAG deploys are enabled

> When you deploy code to Astro, the Astro CLI builds your entire Astro project into a Docker image. This includes system-level dependencies, Python-level dependencies, DAGs, and your `Dockerfile`. It does not include any of the metadata associated with your local Airflow environment, including task history and Airflow connections or variables that were set locally. This Docker image is then pushed to all containers running Apache Airflow on Astro. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you deploy code to Astro, the Astro CLI builds your entire Astro project into a Docker image. This includes system-level dependencies, Python-level dependencies, DAGs, and your `Dockerfile`. It does not include any of the metadata associated with your local Airflow environment, including task history and Airflow connections or variables that were set locally. This Docker image is then pushed to all containers running Airflow on Astro. 
```

    subgraph subgraph_padding3 [ ]
    id5(("Airflow operator")):::astro
    subgraph Deployment ["Deployment"]
    subgraph subgraph_padding2 [ ]
    id6["Airflow webserver"]:::astro
    id7["Airflow scheduler"]:::astro
    id8["Airflow workers"]:::astro
    end
    end
    end
    end
    id1["Astro project,<br/> built as a Docker image"]:::astro-->|API request to <br/>update Docker image| id2;
    id1-->|Docker push| id4
    id4-->|Pull image|id5
    id5-->|Update running image|id6 & id7 & id8
    id5-->|Check for new image|id2
    class subgraph_padding3 subgraph_padding
    class subgraph_padding2 subgraph_padding
    class subgraph_padding1 subgraph_padding
    style ControlPlane fill:#bfeaff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style DataPlane fill:#bfeaff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style AstroCLI fill:#bfeaff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
    style Deployment fill:#bfeaff,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px
```

#### Downtime after a code deploy

With the exception of the Airflow webserver and some Celery workers, Kubernetes terminates all containers after a code deploy. This forces them to restart and begin running your latest code.

> If you deploy code to a Deployment that is running a previous version of your code, then the following happens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is the workflow for a code deployment to a Deployment that is running a previous version of your code:
```

- Tasks that are `running` continue to execute on existing Celery workers and are be interrupted unless the task does not complete within 24 hours of the code deploy.
- One or more new workers are created alongside your existing workers and start executing scheduled tasks based on your latest code.

>     These new workers execute downstream tasks of DAG runs that are in progress. For example, if you deploy to Astronomer when `Task A` of your DAG is running, `Task A` will continues to run on an old Celery worker. If `Task B` and `Task C` are downstream of `Task A`, they will both be scheduled on new Celery workers running your latest code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    These new workers execute downstream tasks of DAG runs that are in progress. For example, if you deploy to Astronomer when `Task A` of your DAG is running, `Task A` continues to run on an old Celery worker. If `Task B` and `Task C` are downstream of `Task A`, they will both be scheduled on new Celery workers running your latest code.
```

    This means that DAG runs could fail due to downstream tasks running code from a different source than their upstream tasks. DAG runs that fail this way need to be fully restarted from the Airflow UI so that all tasks are executed based on the same source code.

Astronomer sets a grace period of 24 hours for all workers to allow running tasks to continue executing. This grace period is not configurable. If a task does not complete within 24 hours, its worker will be terminated. Airflow will mark the task as a [zombie](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/tasks.html#zombie-undead-tasks) and it will retry according to the task's retry policy. This is to ensure that our team can reliably upgrade and maintain Astro as a service.

:::tip

To force long-running tasks to terminate sooner than 24 hours, specify an [`execution_timeout`](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/concepts/tasks.html#timeouts) in your DAG's task definition.

:::

### Deploy process after DAG deploys are enabled

> If a Deployment has DAG deploys enabled, your Deployment has two additional components: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Deployment has DAG deploys enabled, your Deployment has the following additional components: 
```

> - An Azure Blob Storage and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Azure Blob Storage
```

- A sidecar for downloading DAGs attached to each Airflow component container.
  

> When you run `astro deploy` with DAG deploys enabled, the Astro CLI still deploys parts of your project as a Docker image. However, simultaneously runs a different process for deploying DAGs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you run `astro deploy` with DAG deploys enabled, the Astro CLI still deploys parts of your project as a Docker image. However, a different process for deploying DAGs runs simultaneously.
```
